Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have the account settings details of our year.
But before then, what we can do is we can make this list style reusable.
Okay?
So over here we can alight and use control dots and extract widgets.
And we're going to call this repeated.
Repeat at least tile.
So that could spell time.
Hmm.
I can spell Kate c k and now we can click on Enter and we have to copy this.
And then get rid of this and paste this and get rid of this.
And sorry, I think we also have it here.
We could get rid of this and paste this news conference to save.
And now.
Now you can see all the details are same.
So what we have to do is to go to where the class was created.
It was created whereby you can see the via class repeated list.
And over here, we have to make this dynamic so we can create a final variable and we are expecting
a test.
So this is the type of string tied to.
Look at your semicolon.
And finally, for the subtitle.
For the subtitle.
We can make this optional.
That means we do not really need to pass a value to this variable called subtitle.
So make it optional.
We are expecting it.
We are expecting the test.
Right.
So we can just go ahead and say it is a type.
So it is a type.
Of string and to make it optional.
We can then have a question mark over that and sub.
Time to look.
And lastly, we need for this trailing sorry, the leading and we're expecting an icon, right?
So this is going to be finer and it is a type of something known as icon.
Data.
And now we can lead in.
And the next step is to pass it on to the constructor or via.
We have to say, required this title.
So any time we call this, repeat that class.
We have to pass this site.
We have to pass the value to this.
Tighter and harder to command.
And we are not requiring this.
That means we don't really need to pass a value to this subtitle.
And so this is just going to be this Dutch subtitle and required.
And they start leading at the chain of command and click on this.
You can see over in this you can see we just need to require arguments.
And the reason for this to quiet argument is because over here we made this to.
The title and deleting required.
But for the subtitle we did not meet it required and we simply did that by adding the no check to say
it can be no.
Okay.
Now for this, first we have to pass the title.
And for the title, it's going to say email address.
So I think theory we made TV required a nod to okay and subtitle.
This is going to be for.
The main email address.
Sorry.
My colleague.
If it was G.M., it's calm.
And the last required field we passed was the.
He was the leading.
Right.
And it's aspect an icon.
And this is going to be sorry.
Icons.
That email.
Email.
Now get rid of this subtitle and we're not going to have any here.
And the reason is because we did not meet it required.
But get rid of this tight lead in.
You're going to have a hair because we made it required and it is respecting the value to that field.
Okay, great.
And we have to do the same for this.
This the title is going to be for.
It's going to say address.
Sorry.
Not address, but phone.
No.
And.
The the subtitle.
ES +2348149 ten 6125 and lastly for the leading.
For the lead in this is.
I'm going to say I icons.
Dodd's foreign.
Icons that form.
Right.
Okay, we have.
One, two, three, four.
Okay.
Added to the cover.
Tied to lead in subtitle.
Tied to the theory fields.
Okay.
We have we basically have two fields and we made one.
No, that means we don't really need to parse the subtitle value and not really.
Four.
I thought it was four fields.
Lastly, we need a tie.
Two And sorry for the confusion and this is address.
And subtitle.
Could say LaCava.
Street.
Okay.
And lastly, we have to pass the lead in and expect an icon.
So there's going to be icons, dots.
Location.
Well, this is called pin.
We also have to phone already.
Okay.
You can try and save now and.
Sorry.
No update yet.
The think we have.
Okay.
So we have to change this.
So this is going to be tied to.
Right.
Okay.
Tied to.
Digital camera.
It is going to copy this and sorry.
Chest.
And we have to pitch this.
Okay.
Get rid of this.
So tied to.
Subtitle it and.
It's just gonna copy this.
Okay.
We said it can be.
No, so we have to have this threat and.
For the icon this is going to be.
Leading.
I'll probably you can just rename yours to Icon.
Okay.
Now you can see why we didn't really need to specify.
Test over yet again since we already rounded up with.
It says over here.
Okay.
Now his contract is a save and go check it out.
You can see.
Great.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
Now what we can then do is we have.
To copy.
Everything via.
Writes everything over.
So it's not there.
Over.
Yeah.
The pardon?
Copy everything and it stands over.
Yeah.
Copy and.
PS This is chance to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
And you can see now we are able to scroll and you can see that test over there.
So it is good.
And now we have to change this.
First of all, we do not need the subtitle.
And that was why we made it not required.
Get rid of that.
But we can't get rid of this because we made it required.
Okay.
So for.
The tide is going to say it did it.
That's.
Pro fly.
Profile and for the icon is going to be icon dot and it's open we have that.
Okay.
And for the Thai zoo, this is going to say change password.
Change password and we do not need the subtitle.
And this is going to be icons that lock.
Hopefully we have that.
Last, but not the least.
This is going to say log house.
And we do not need the subtitle.
And.
This is going to be log.
Log log house.
Okay.
Is Katrina safe?
Used.
Okay.
Not to make things much more easier to avoid such error.
What we can do, we can get rid of this and make it required.
Naked required.
And now we have to pass it on to this feels right.
Right.
Subtitle it and what we can just do.
We can make this empty.
Click on this and pass the subtitle.
And leave it empty.
Okay.
And.
Subtitle.
Subtitle Use Control.
Understand how to save.
That's going to save you from no check errors.
Okay.
And.
Great.
Sounds good.
It seems good, right?
Okay.
But we did not have that icon caller.
Get rid of this now.
Not really needed.
Get rid of that.
And for this we can then see a color.
Close the scene.
We once saw the high cones to have the sand color.
Hopefully this is looking way better.
Okay.
Hopefully this is cool.
We can just get rid of this color.
You can as well make the color dynamic as well by Harden.
On a variable value maybe finer.
And this is going to be tie up of what color?
And caller okay.
Something like that.
And you can then see color.
Color, right.
And you know, you have to pass it on to this constructor.
And with that, you can have different color for each icon.
Okay.
But I think black is okay.
I'll be able to screw it.
And you can see that test over there.
Okay, guys, say the next lecture.